I just desire your prayers.
Not one of the easiest things I've ever done.
But
I want to announce to you that
Brother Jeff called.
Brother Paul Yanks, myself today,
And he has resigned as pastor of the church.
I'll just read this
Jeff called today and asked
The dis announcement would be read this evening.
He knows that there have been many questions, many rumors.
That he would like to see put to rest.
This coming Sunday, Brother Jeff is planning to
Tell each of us of the journey has been on.
The last year and a half
This will also be as farewell to the church.
as he seeks the mind of the Lord for his future.
It's not better than easy.
It's not an easy day.
The job is more than just my pastor.
He's been a very good friend for 33 years.
Heat
Done so much.
To help, my family.
I am what I am, partially because of what?
He did.
And what he's done for us.
Um...
I just want to explain that.
the deacons
We.
I've been spokesman, but...
We've tried to.
My brother Jeff, six, seven weeks ago,
Call us over in his office.
He shared with us some of the things he was going through.
Some of the different.
Difficulties and problems he was having.
And
At that point, the last thing we wanted,
Who's to see the church split up?
To see things broke up, to see Brother Jeff.
Our whole desire is to
To see brother Jeff,
I think
The brother Jeff we've known for years.
And?
And we said by the Jeff
Take some time off, get some rest.
You know and we
We tried to
Not deceive people, but we try to
Give Brother Jeff an opportunity to get rested up too.
Feel like he could come back.
And it's went six, seven weeks and
At this point right now, Brother Jeff doesn't feel he can.
Uh,
I'm not going to put a lot of words in his mouth. I'll let him.
Speak to you Sunday
but.
Um.
You know, this has been a hard journey for both Jeff, for his family.
For the deacons, for the minister, and I believe for each one of you.
And?
One thing I would...
You know?
I believe we need to start healing.
There needs to be some healing.
And,
And I would say to you that
Brother Jeff, I love him with all my heart.
And I had someone ask me.
Few days ago,
Are you for Brother Jeff or guess Brother Jeff?
I said, what?
I said, I'm poor, Mary.
I'll never be against Brother Jeff.
And
I may not agree with everything, but I'm not against it.
I love him and I
And I want to continue to pray for him.
And?
I i i
Say this from the deacons and the ministers.
And I am meanest with my heart.
I don't want anybody criticizing Brother Jeff.
I'm sorry, but if I hear it, I'll probably be very rude to you.
Because I love them. I don't know what you...
I don't want any criticism.
But yeah, I think right now,
We just need to really be in prayer.
We need to pray for one another.
And?
I know there's...
100,000 questions going through your mind. What about this?
What about that? What's going to happen here? What are we going to do?
I don't have all the answers.
Cod dance
Hmm
And so at this time,
I mean we just trust we put our trust in God
And we put our trust in
In each other.
So,
And I think
If it was ever turned,
To draw close to each other.
Now, tell me.
Um,
These things, it's not.
Any one person it's not any person it's the devil
it's it's it's
He's out to seek and
Destroy whoever we can.
So it's It's not anyone here. It's not.
Anyone out on the outside? It's not the Jeff. It's the devil.
That's trying to destroy us. so.
If there was ever a time to draw together.
To draw close together, I believe it's now.
And so,
It's not...
It's time to choose while I'm on this side or I'm on that side.
I want to be on Christ's side.
I want to stay with the Word. I want to be on Christ's side.
I don't want to love my brothers and sisters.
And if you accepted Christ as your Savior,
You're my brother.
And so there's no.
Sides will not take in size.
We're just drawing together.
And so I would like to
Right now, I believe Brother Jeff
Between now and Sunday,
You know, you'll get the seams on me, talk to him, but...
Between now and then, he probably needs some privacy.
But I would like to see in the coming weeks and months
When you sit down and you think,
Of the different things the brother Jeff did for you.
Cindy McCoy.
Tell him how much you love him.
I just started thinking of things over the years.
My children were just little, okay.
And I just want to remember those things.
I appreciate that, Jeff.
And letting them know how much we're loving.
And so,
What we're going to do now is just go to prayer.
It'd be very difficult for anyone to preach.
It would be very difficult for you to listen.
And so,
What I'd like to do is
We're just gonna go to
Prayer is the body.
And
Whenever you're done praying and
You're dismissed.
And
be in prayer for brother Jeff be in prayer for the services Sunday
And be in prayer that God will guide and lead us.
The leadership
of the church here and each one of us.
Then we'll just draw closer to God.
If it was ever time to.
Get serious.
About your prayer life you walk with god it's now
Because we are in a battle.
And it's not just here.
It's all over the world.
It's everywhere.
We're in a battle.
And the closer we get to the end, the more that battle is going to intensify.
So we just need to
Really be in prayer, draw close to one another.
And hold each other up.
And so I just,
At this time, I believe we'll just...
Uh,
Dismiss and just each of you go to prayer and
Whenever you're done you can pray as long as you want we'll just
Go to prayer and come to the altar.
However you
Oh no.
Just...
Go to prayer with God and whenever you're done.
You're just messed.
And God bless you all.